I’m making the first move when it comes to texting, so I’m expecting you to make the first move when it comes to kissing.
I can’t even remember the last time we spoke. We need to change that.
Do you find it sexy when girls make the first move or should I wait for you to do it yourself?
I was going to wait another day or two to text you, but I can’t wait that long to talk to you.
I could’ve sworn I saw you at the mall today, but it turned out to be some other incredibly attractive blond.
6Stop sending me mixed signals and start sending me memes.
How have you gone so long without messaging me? I’m such a delight.
I had a dream we were sexting, so I woke up and decided to turn it into a reality.
I wanted to ask you out, but I figured I’d start by sending you a text.
If we have the time to “like” each other’s Instagram pics, we have the time to text.
I haven’t seen you in forever. Have you been visiting your fellow angels up in Heaven?
Did you smile when you saw my name pop up on your phone just now?
Are you hungry, by any chance? I’m starving, but no one will agree to get Chipotle with me.
I don’t really have anything to talk about, but I still want to talk to you, so… Hi.
I can’t figure out if I should start this conversation with a compliment, a horrible pick-up line, or a simple “hello.” You choose.
I just saw the new picture you uploaded. Looking hotter than ever, I see.
I hope you haven’t forgotten that I exist, because I definitely haven’t forgotten about you.
I had a dream about you last night. I’d tell you what happened, but it’s way too inappropriate.
I’ve been dying to see Star Trek Beyond (if you need a date idea).
There’s a Mewtwo at my house. You better come catch it.
I’m still single, in case you were wondering.
Hey, sexy.
I’m watching a romcom, and the main character looks exactly like you. Except, not nearly as cute.
I have Netflix on, but no one to snuggle with. Think you can help me out?
25. I’m thinking about deleting Tinder, because I’ve already found the guy I want to be with.
Let’s skip the small talk and go straight to flirting.
My dog wanted you to know that he misses you.
Do you have any plans for this weekend? Because I don’t.
I just heard a song on the radio, and it describes our relationship perfectly.
Be honest. How long have you been waiting for a text from me?
If you want to make a move, today would be the perfect time to go for it.
We’re hanging out tonight, just so you know.
We should really stop texting and start seeing each other in person. Preferably naked.
You know what would be even better than a text back? An invitation to dinner.
Hey. I was just wondering how long it’s going to be before you realize I like you and admit that you like me back.
I have an extra ticket to Blink 182. Interested?
I suck at starting conversations. You want to try?
You can’t text me first, but you can update your Facebook status every five minutes? I see how it is. 
I’m a little drunk, a little horny, and all alone.
I just took some sexy pics, but they’re too inappropriate to post on Instagram. Want to see?
Guess which emoji I just placed next to your name in my phone?
I hope you find my willingness to text first attractive.
Hey, stranger. Stop being a stranger.
I hope you don’t mind I’m texting you while naked. Or that I’ve been imagining you naked.
I just finished a book I know you would love. You should come over to pick it up.
Miss me yet?
You never text first. I can’t tell if you hate me or if you’re playing hard to get.
You already know how I feel about you. So what are you going to do about it?
Now that I’ve officially texted you, I’m going to be obsessively staring at my phone, waiting for it to beep, so don’t keep me waiting.
Flirting with you over text is always fun, but it makes it hard for me to lean in and kiss you.
What are you passionate about?
It's so chilly out, I need you to come warm me up.
Just worked out, ready to hit the showers!
Did you catch Game of Thrones last night?
My dog misses you!
My cat misses you!
So where are you taking me tonight?
I mean, how can you resist this face?
Some friends and I are grabbing drinks later! You should stop by (so I can show you off).
Wanna skip work and hang out with me instead? ;)
Wanna skip class and hang out with me instead? ;)
Tell me a secret.
You know you miss me.
My friends won't stop talking about how cute you are.
You've kept me smiling all day.
When do I get to see you again?
I can't sleep.
Let's cut the crap and go out already.
This song reminds me of you.
Guess what I'm imagining...
I bet you wish I was sharing this pizza with you.
You made an appearance in my dream last night.
How was your day? I just got home and am finally relaxing.
Stop distracting me. I'm busy ;)
I can't stop thinking about you.
How about we move this conversation to IRL?
I want to experience you.
perhaps then for me the harmonica 
I've always wanted to play that well 
that would be so radical and bodacious 
if you did that, I would just belly dance to your sounds, cool daddy 
I better dress the part, then.
hey J! 
what? 
just saying hey. 
sometimes i get a quick realization jolt of "hey, talking to J now!" 
oh. is it exciting? 
yes 
I like being a thrill
Hey good lookin', what's cookin'?
U+Me=:)
We've got a situation! I can't stop thinking about u...
XOXO u know u luv me!
You were my "teenage dream" last night!
11:11 - make a wish!
Uh oh, i think my <3 went missing...did you steal it?
I think you're suffereing from a lack of vitamin "me" :)
This movie would be so much better if you were watching it next to me!
Studying right now is killing me! Are you up for a library date?
I woke up thinking about you :)
Just making sure you haven't stopped thinking about me :)
I can't spell stud without u :)
I lost my teddy bear, can I cuddle with you?
You are cute.
I am contagious.
That’s a great shirt in your profile pic! Where do you even find a t-shirt with the cast of Cats on it?
There’s a great little thrift shop on Main, I got it there a few years ago!
Oh cool, I’ve never been. Maybe we could check it out sometime :)
Oh really!? Your eyes would really look good with a purple ‘do too…
Is that a dare?
Never met a taxidermist before!  I’ll bet you make it look good! How’d you get into it?
I rescued this baby squirrel and when it fell into the pool and I just couldn’t part ways with it.
Aw, that’s sweet though! Think I could handle a Taxidermy lesson?
My friend thinks you look like Keanu Reeves from Point Break in this pic. But I don’t see it.
Is the guy next to you named Dan? He looks familiar.
Nope, lol, that guys name is Pete, he was my roommate in college.
That’s crazy! Do you believe in doppelgangers?
I meant to send this to my friend because she asked me if you’re cute. If you think this is charming, then lets move forward and never speak of it again. If you think it’s creepy, best of luck in life, I hope your taxidermy business really soars.
I saw you standing here, and I just had to come tell you you have the most striking sense of style I've seen all day. I'm Joe.
Hi… I'm Tina.
Hi Tina. How's your night going?
Okay. How's your night going?
I might be a lawyer someday. Actually, I do more work than he does, and it's all the hard stuff, too.
You like it?
It's okay.
Okay, well, why are you doing a job that's just okay? Why not find one that's amazing?
haha there are no amazing jobs.
There's got to be an amazing job out there somewhere.
Like what?
Like… well, I don't know. If you could do anything else in the world and get paid the same as what you get paid now, what would you do instead?
haha I do that too.
Yeah, seriously. How'd we end up trading our time for money? I wanted to be James Bond and go travel the world, killing bad guys and seducing beautiful women.
haha You'd be great at that, I think. Let me know if you do that, maybe I'll go with you for a few missions.
You can be my Bond girl.
Totally.
Too bad the Bond girl is different in every movie. I kind of like you.
Maybe I'll lobby the writers to keep you around for two movies. Like, a sequel or something.
haha
So tell me about yourself; I don't know anything about you.
A bunch of places. Well, tell me this: if you could go anywhere you wanted in the world, where would you go?
Umm… Europe, maybe?
Like, where in Europe?
Spain. I think Spain would be so romantic and wonderful. And I love Spanish food.
And Spanish men, perhaps.
haha Spanish men are a little too lazy for me.
Him: Ay caramba.
haha
I haven't been to Spain, but I have been to Italy. Definitely could be described as romantic and wonderful… oh man, the food there is so good. And the people… everyone is beautiful. Even people in their forties and fifties – it's not like over here, where everyone over thirty-five is fat. There, even if you're fifty years old, you're still thin, and dress well and in bright colors, and live well and take good care of yourself and look good. And the buildings, and the architecture… what a beautiful place.
It sounds amazing. I want to go!
You will. Maybe Italy will be where we do our James Bond mission.
The first one or the second one?
Well, let's plan for the first one; I'm not sure if the writers will let me have the same girl in two movies yet or not.
So you're not much of a traveler. What do you do for fun?
I play board games sometimes.
Oh my god.
haha
Seriously though.
Well, you know… hang out with friends, go to movies, eat at restaurants. Clubbing sometimes…
Apparently.
haha Yeah, well. Not that much…
Just four days a week.
haha No! Maybe a couple times a month; that's it!
I believe you. You probably know every bartender and doorman here. They're like, "It's Tina!"
haha
What else do you do?
Umm… that's about it.
Okay, cool.
What do you do?
Mostly just chill. My life is pretty boring and uninteresting; I just like to make it sound exciting. Can't even remember the last time I had a near-death experience…
haha Oh my god…!
Heya! I had to come over. 
Hehe... why? 
Just look at you, here take my hand.
Why? :)
Hmm, yeah I thought so, you are sexy.
:o
Some girls when you touch their hands there is this response. I look for it kind of like how girls look for a guy that carries himself a certain way.
I think a lot of people get timid about the whole topic of sex and chemistry, but it’s a shame, because all the best connections have to have that.
True, if you don’t have a good connection it’s not really going to go anywhere.
Some guys are really afraid to talk to girls about what they like, and what they are looking for. I think it is better to just be on the same wavelength with a girl so we can feel each other out and take it how we like.
Mmhm, I don’t like it when I don’t know what is going on.
I like that you are open about yourself – it’s cool.
Sex is a part of life and without it it’s just not quite the same 
Hey... Saw you and thought I’d come say hi.
Hi.
I like your outfit – it’s a really nice blue – reminds me of those Hawaiian dancer girls, you know, how they are just so happy and easy to talk to. You ever been?
To Hawaii?
I’d like to go.
Me too, I need a vacation.
I aspire to one day declare my life a vacation.
Like when you retire?
Ha, no, I don’t think that far ahead, I was more thinking later this week... Just quit work, steal a boat, and sail away.
Oh wow, become a pirate.
Search for booty.
Booty?! Haha!
Argh!
Haha you are so random – it’s great.
Yeah totally. Hey, have you gone to a themed costume party?
Like heaven and hell parties?
Yeah, I could go for one of them right now, dress like Satan, shirt off, badass.
But I’d dress as an angel, so we’d never see each other.
But we’ll always have Hawaii.
You are a ten!
You're a dime.
;)
You are hot.
Are you a parking ticket? Coz you lookin fiiiiiine
Hi I like you please be my friend or like... more
Hey gurl are you made of copper and tellurium because you are CuTe
Wanna make out? *Screech person's name*. We should hang out sometime. Hello *insert person's name*.
You up?
Heyy you shit w dat ass?
you make me harder than an LDC chicken breast
I'd bang you harder than my roommate bangs his drawers at 6am
If you were a class, I hope you'd be intro German. Cause then you'd fuck me 5 days a week.
I can't Ly-man, I'd really Lake to take you out to dinner. 
hey babe. wanna hit up the Cowling dance with me?
If you need help practicing your streaking technique, I'm always here to help
You make me firm, like a dorm mattress
Hey with like 6 ys 
Are you Lighten up? Because you make my junk move
Unlike our football team, I won't disappoint you
i can’t even remember the last time we spoke..we need to change that.
Send me memes
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven?
Let's get a meal sometime!
Hey I like you, we should be friends
What's your zodiac sign?
your smile lights up my day
no sunflower could bring me as much sunshine as you do
come here often?; you have beautiful eyes
i was really struck by your thoughts in class!
i love the way you smile at the leaves!
tell me bout your comps ;) 
did you know you are sleek af
can i buy you chicken tenders?
Are you Na? Because you're soDIUM fine
Are you a TEN? Cause you're the only TEN I SEE
I think I’d make a good hobby, since I’m both expensive and time consuming. 
My emotional baggage is scarier than any horror movie we could watch.
Hey Charlie, it’s spencer. Looking fine buddy. 
Really though Charlie, A+ centerfold fine.
hiya cutie
did it hurt when you fell from heaven
hey, there's this vonnegut book i think you might like
The way you Foucault me so slow gets me hot and Butlered.
Damn Bae. 
You look like a snack? 
Looking for a seat?
Wanna come over and do hw?
Are you from Tennessee, cause you are the only ten I see
Wanna watch netflix
Is that a mirror in your pocket? Cause I can see myself in your pants 
Wanna watch a movie and think about ways to break down systemic oppression?
Hey baby, what's your sign?
I'm a Rebel in the streets, but a Sith in the sheets.
You're by far the best specimen I've found yet.
you look so radiant
u were in my dream last night
i want to get to know u better
My friends call me Bill, but you can call me tonight
i don't really know how to flirt...
Wnt sum fuk?! 
What time do those legs open? 
I love myself some good thigh. 
You have nice hair, can I smell it? 
You're not fat! You're just a lil thick. 
I'd let you sit on my face. 
Can I smash your backdoors in? 
Can I massage your feet? 
Are you looking for a strong man? Good, I'm not. 
Fuck me if I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still exist right? 
Is that wand in our pocket or are you just happy to see me? 
You must be Medusa because you make me rock hard. 
Roses are red, grass is greener, when I think about you I play with my wiener.
;)
Do they call you winter? Because you sure are cool.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or do I need to walk past you again?
Do you have a to-do list? If so, put me on it.
I’m a bit like a Rubik’s cube. The more you play with me, the harder I get.
Are you a DNA helicase...cause you unzip my jeans
stop sending me this
U up?
You're a charming combination of beauty and brilliance
Has anyone ever told you how pretty you are? Because you really f*ing pretty
Getting to see you is something i look forward to every day 
Hey beautiful
Don't shower until i get there!
You're really fun to kiss
Hey you!
 i hope ur day is as nice as ur butt
Hey. You have a nice butt
hey are you the SAT? because I want to do you for a few hours with a small break in-between for water and snacks
Hey babe you're so hot I'd be more persistent than the people who have this survey 4 times
Your smile makes me smile. 
You give me butterflies. 
You have the best laugh. 
I can't focus on my comps because of you.